Add documentation for the free-busy modal in calendar (#11689)
nextcloud/documentation: user_manual/groupware/calendar.rst

.. attention:: The server administration needs to setup the e-mail server in the ``Basic settings`` tab, as this mail will be used to send invitations.

Checking attendees' busy times
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> After inviting attendees to an event you can click on ``Find a time`` to bring up this modal to see when everyone has other events to help you decide on a time when everyone is free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding attendees to an event you can click on ``Find a time`` to bring up the "Free / Busy" modal. It allows you to see when each attendee has other events, and can help you decide on a time when everyone is free.
```
